[TW-1109] Flows restructure (#4996)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/postman-flows/tutorials/send-information-from-one-system-to-another.md

---
title: "Sending information from one system to another with Postman Flows"
updated: 2023-07-19
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Additional resources"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Blog posts"
  - type: link
    name: "Postman Flows: The Next Generation of Software Development"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/postman-flows-the-next-generation-of-software-development/"
  - type: link
    name: "Postman Flows Is Now More Powerful and User-Friendly"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/postman-flows-is-now-more-powerful-and-user-friendly/"
---

> Developers often integrate two or more APIs to leverage their individual features. For example, you might want to get customer profiles from a payment services provider like [Stripe](http://www.stripe.com) and add those profiles as contacts on a marketing platform like [Brevo](http://www.brevo.com). This tutorial shows you how to do this with Postman Flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers often integrate multiple APIs to leverage their individual features. For example, you might want to get customer profiles from a payment services provider like [Stripe](http://www.stripe.com) and add those profiles as contacts on a marketing platform like [Brevo](http://www.brevo.com). This tutorial shows you how to do this with Postman Flows.
```

## Contents

* [Goal](#goal)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Creating the flow](#creating-the-flow)

## Goal

Create a flow that gets a list of customer profiles from [Stripe](http://www.stripe.com) and adds them as contacts to a database in [Brevo](http://www.brevo.com).

## Prerequisites

> * A [Stripe](http://www.stripe.com) account and API key
> * At least 15 customers in Stripe
> * A [Brevo](http://www.brevo.com) account and API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A [Stripe](http://www.stripe.com) account and API key.
* At least 15 Stripe customers.
* A [Brevo](http://www.brevo.com) account and API key.
```

## Creating the flow

> The first step is to [fork](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-version-control/forking-entities/) (copy) the collections and the environment the flow will use, then add your API keys to the environment. You could create these requests, collections, and environment yourself, but using existing ones will save time. From the [Integration Flows public workspace](https://www.postman.com/postman/workspace/integration-flows), fork the `Brevo API` collection, the `Stripe API` collection, and the **Stripe + Brevo** environment to your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to [fork](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-version-control/forking-entities/) (copy) the collections and the environment the flow will use, then add your API keys to the environment. You could create these requests, collections, and environment, but using existing ones saves time. From the [**Integration Flows** public workspace](https://www.postman.com/postman/workspace/integration-flows), fork the **Brevo API** collection, the **Stripe API** collection, and the **Stripe + Brevo** environment to your workspace.
```

> Creating requests is beyond the scope of this tutorial, but you can learn more about creating requests [here](/docs/getting-started/sending-the-first-request/).

> The collections hold the requests that will get all the customer profiles from the Stripe API in a single response, divide the response into pages, and post the profiles to the Brevo API as contacts. The collections and the environment also hold variables used by the requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collections contain the requests that will get all the customer profiles from the Stripe API in a single response, divide the response into pages, and post the profiles to the Brevo API as contacts. The collections and the environment also contain variables used by the requests.
```

<img alt="Fork the collections and environment" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/flows-tut-system-fork-v10.gif"/>

> Create a new flow and add a **Send Request** block. Add a GET request by selecting **Select a request > Stripe API > Customers > GET List all customers**. Select **Add environment > Stripe + Brevo**. The **Send Request** block shows three variables, provided by the GET request. The `baseUrl` and `stripe_secret_key` variables are populated automatically from values stored in the request’s collection and environment. You can hover over them to see their values and scope. For the `limit` variable, enter `5` to specify how many contacts to include in each page of results. This tutorial uses 15 contacts, so a limit of 5 will send three pages of results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new flow and add a **Send Request** block, then add a GET request by selecting **Select a request > Stripe API > Customers > GET List all customers**. Select **Add environment > Stripe + Brevo**. The **Send Request** block shows three variables, provided by the GET request. The `baseUrl` and `stripe_secret_key` variables are populated automatically from values stored in the request’s collection and environment. You can hover over them to see their values and scope. For the `limit` variable, enter `5` to specify how many contacts to include in each page of results. This tutorial uses 15 contacts, so a limit of 5 will send three pages of results.
```

<img alt="Create a new flow" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/flows-tut-system-first-sr-v10.gif"/>

> Connect the **Send Request** block’s **Success** output to a **Select** block to check the response’s `has_more` field, which is either `true` or `false`. If this field’s value is `true`, there is another page of results to be sent. If it’s `false`, the flow has reached the end of the list of customer contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect the **Send Request** block’s **Success** output to a **Select** block to check the response’s `has_more` field, which is `true` or `false`. If this field’s value is `true`, then there is another page of results to be sent. If it’s `false`, the flow has reached the end of the customer contacts list.
```

<img alt="Select body.has_more" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/flows-tut-select-has_more-v10.gif"/>

> Also connect the **Send Request** block’s **Success** output to another **Select** block to get the response’s `data` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect the **Send Request** block’s **Success** output to another **Select** block to get the response’s `data` object.
```

<img alt="Select body.data" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/flows-tut-select-data-v10.gif"/>

Connect the `has_more` **Select** block to an **If** block’s **key** input and rename `value1` to `has_more`. Select **Write an FQL condition** and enter `has_more`. Connect the `body.data` **Select** block to the **If** block's **Data** input.

<img alt="Add an If block" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/flows-tut-if-has_more-v10.gif"/>

Connect an **Evaluate** block to the **If** block’s **TRUE** output. Rename `value1` to `contacts`. Select **Start writing an FQL query** and enter ```contacts[$count(`contacts`)-1].id```. This gets the ID of the last object when there is at least one more contact in the original response.

<img alt="Add an Evaluate block" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/flows-tut-eval-contacts-v10.gif"/>

> Connect a **Send Request** block to the **Evaluate** block’s **Result** output and select **Select a request > Stripe API > Customers > List all customers pagination**. The block automatically selects the **Stripe + Brevo** environment. Enter `5` for the `limit` variable. Connect the **Evaluate** block’s **Result** output to the `starting_after` variable in the **Send Request** block. Then connect the **Send Request** block’s **Success** output to both the `body.has_next` and the `body.data` **Select** blocks’ inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect a **Send Request** block to the **Evaluate** block’s **Result** output and select **Select a request > Stripe API > Customers > List all customers pagination**. The block automatically selects the **Stripe + Brevo** environment. Enter `5` for the `limit` variable.

Connect the **Evaluate** block’s **Result** output to the `starting_after` variable in the **Send Request** block. Then connect the **Send Request** block’s **Success** output to both the `body.has_next` and the `body.data` **Select** blocks’ inputs.
```
